[HARUKAZE]
Listen, Akemitsu.
You must remember these words.
"No one can live alone."
Yeah, okay, Dad. But why?
[HARUKAZE]
It's in your blood
as a member
of the Akagami family.
Two is better than one,
and many is better than two.
Don't you want as many friends
as possible?
-Yeah!
-Of course, you do, my son.
So why shouldn't
your dear old dad
take as many lovers as possible?
You're the coolest, Dad!
[HARUKAZE] Well, then.
Looks like my ride is here.
-[Harukaze patted]
-Your ride?
-You going somewhere?
-[HARUKAZE] Indeed I am.
I've made the decision to devote
the remainder of my life...
to getting friendly with
as many different women
as I possibly can. Bye.
Wow! Bye, Dad!
You're super-duper cool!
Seriously!
♪
[Yuzuki inhale]
[Tsukuyo sleeping]
[Nyagosuke meow]
[KURAGE]
Poke, poke.
[Tsukuyo roll over]
[Kiki sleeping]
[Mia sleeping]
Now that's funny.
[Akemitsu sleeping]
[Akemitsu awake]
I have to get to class!
[AKEMITSU] My father's words
still ring in my ears.
He said to me,
"No one can live alone."
All right, just two more laps!
-[STUDENT 01A] Nice view.
-[STUDENT 01B] Oh, yeah.
We're talking about her ass,
right?
-Oh, yeah!
-Akagami!
Come here, you got to see this!
[AKAGAMI]
Sorry. I have work.
[sigh] I tell ya, it's always
the same with that Akagami.
Oh, hey. There's a mixer.
[Akemitsu shock]
No, thanks!
No thanks, no thanks, no thanks!
In Akemitsu Akagami's life,
there's no need for women!
[indistinct chatter]
[AKEMITSU]
Thanks for coming in!
You're a lifesaver, Akagami.
Thanks for working
on such short notice.
Yeah, boss. Sure thing!
[MANAGER 01A] You sure you
don't mind being here this late?
A college student like you
should be out on a hot date
or something.
[AKEMITSU] [laugh] Not me.
I'm going to be single for life.
Really? That's funny,
because by the time
your father was your age--
My father and I are completely
different people.
[MANAGER 01A]
Yes. Of course you are.
[AKEMITSU]
Good evening!
Wow! Bye, Dad!
You're super-duper cool!
Seriously!
[AKAGAMI]
I can't believe five-year-old me
thought that perverted scumbag
was anything remotely
resembling cool.
When I think of
all the embarrassment
I've suffered
thanks to that selfish jerk...
[FEMALE GOSSIP 01A]
Your name's Akemitsu Akagami?
So you're from that family,
are you?
[FEMALE STUDENT 01E]
Oh, no! An Akagami!
Someone save us!
[AKAGAMI] But I shall wipe away
the stain of your dishonor.
Mixers? Girlfriends?
I won't be swayed by such evils.
I'm going to live a noble,
single life.
I'll pass the civil service exam
and acquire a position
that brings me status
and a stable income.
And then.
After all that. At long last.
[YUZUKI]
Look out!
[Akemitsu screaming rolling]
[Akemitsu smashed]
[Akemitsu pained standing]
What's with the bale of rice?
[YUZUKI]
This is all my fault!
Okay, first thing's first.
Any injuries
that you're aware of?
[Akemitsu awe]
Look, I'm really sorry.
The cart tipped over somehow.
[Akemitsu mesmerized]
Um, uh, can you stand up?
Are you feeling pain anywhere?
What do I do now? I guess
I should call an ambulance.
[Yuzuki shocked]
[AKAGAMI]
Nah, don't worry about it.
-I'm perfectly fine. See?
-Hey! Wait!
[AKAGAMI]
Crap, crap, crap, crap, crap!
This can't be happening to me!
It's a dream, right? Right?
It has to be!
[hurrying panic]
[Akemitsu in terror]
[Akemitsu panting]
So cute.
[student exercising jogging]
[FEMALE COACH 01A] 'Kay,
one more lap and you're done!
Want to take a little time
to enjoy the view?
Sounds good to me.
[Akemitsu awe]
-Huh? Akagami?
-Whoa.
Sexy.
Just so you know,
there's gonna be another mixer.
Let me guess.
"Thanks, but no thanks."
[Akemitsu curious]
I'm in.
-What about lectures?
-[AKAGAMI] I'll skip 'em.
-And work?
-I'll take the day off.
[Akemitsu laughing]
I think everybody's
going to know this next one!
Am I going out of my mind
or something?
I can't believe
I fell in love at first sight!
My feelings grow stronger
with each passing day,
washing over me like
water breaking through a dam!
The other day,
I got fired from my job!
And what's more,
I'm on the verge
of failing all my classes!
Could this be the doing
of the Akagami family curse?
[incoming call]
Hey, there! What's up?
A mixer? Count me in!
No! Stop it!
All right.
It's come down to this.
You for real?
Very much so.
[MALE REGISTRAR 01A]
You've decided to become a monk?
Are you prepared for this?
[AKEMITSU] My uncle,
a former priest, helped me out.
Plus, he gave me his stole.
[MALE REGISTRAR 01A] I'm sure
there's a less extreme way
to address the problems
you're dealing with.
[AKEMITSU]
The best way to retrain oneself
is to leave
the secular world behind.
[AKEMITSU]
This is it.
The temple
my uncle referred me to.
Apparently,
there are no women allowed.
Perfect. That means
I won't be led astray.
Good day!
Hello?
[Akemitsu shock]
[Yuzuki confused]
Can I help you with something?
[close door]
[Yuzuki struggle]
Um, excuse me?
Hey! What is this,
some kind of game?
[Yuzuki stunned]
A stole? Wait. No way.
[Yuzuki shock]
-Please, excuse me for a moment!
-[hurrying]
What is she doing here?
[dazed] I thought this place
didn't allow women! Wait.
Are my desires making me
hallucinate?
[YUZUKI]
Thank you for your patience!
[Yuzuki fall]
[Yuzuki in pain and embarrassed]
Forgive my clumsiness.
I was trying to hurry back.
Now then,
my name is Yuzuki Aoba.
You've made me
very happy by coming today.
[Akemitsu overwhelmed]
-[Akemitsu running away]
-Wait! Where are you going?
[Akemitsu trip and fall]
[YUZUKI]
Are you all right?
-[Yuzuki running]
-[Akemitsu in shock choke]
[AKEMITSU]
Not those! Anything but those!
I'm in no condition
to resist them right now!
-Please!
-I'm so sorry.
-I seem to be...
-[AKEMITSU] I mustn't look!
I must leave this place at once!
I must. At once. I must.
-I must.
-[Yuzuki surprise]
I love you!
And I want you to marry me!
Huh?
Here you are.
Thank you.
[both sipping]
[Akemitsu sigh]
[AKEMITSU]
Wait, what are we doing?
Drinking tea? For some reason,
I thought joining a temple
would be more like...
-[AKEMITSU] Please let me stay!
-Begone!
Now then. My apologies,
but the head priest
isn't here at the moment.
-I see.
-We were expecting you tomorrow,
so I'm afraid you caught me
a bit off guard.
I guess there must have been
a miscommunication
with my uncle.
Moving on, heh. So, uh...
[AKEMITSU] Regardless,
what's she doing here, anyway?
What do you like?
[AKEMITSU]
A question?
Hold on.
Could this be an admission test?
Did they bring a woman into this
woman-free zone to catch me
by surprise
and see how I'd react?
This is bad. Really bad.
I proposed marriage
right off the bat!
If this is a test,
then surely I've already failed!
Um, is something the matter?
[AKEMITSU]
So cute.
Whoa, hey! What was that?
[AKEMITSU] Forgive me,
but I'm experiencing
some worldly desires.
Which way is the restroom?
[YUZUKI] Just go through
that door, and then take a left.
[Akemitsu close door]
[AKEMITSU] Crap, crap, crap.
What should I do?
[Nyagosuke scared meow]
What a lovely yard.
[Nyagosuke Scared meow]
Maybe here?
Did you get stuck down there?
[Nyagosuke whimper meow]
[Akemitsu reach]
There's no way
I can reach that far.
[Nyagosuke leap]
[Akemitsu lose balance and fall]
[Nyagosuke happy meow]
Oh, Kiki! Thank goodness.
Yeah, there's a problem! Sorry.
The thing is, the man I was
supposed to meet tomorrow
got here early.
This is my very first
arranged marriage meeting.
And he said right away that
he wanted to go through with it!
I need you, intermediary!
Get back here
and help me with this!
Hold on a second.
What are you going on about?
[KIKI] The man
you're supposed to meet
is sitting next to me
at this very moment.
But if that's the case,
then who's this guy?
[KIKI]
Yuzuki? Hello?
-Yuzuki?
-[TSUKUYO] I'm back.
-[Yuzuki surprise]
-Tsukuyo.
Oh, Yuzu.
Was your meeting today?
Aw, I was hoping
to eavesdrop on it.
-An evil ghost is among us.
-Huh?
Or possibly a spirit
of some kind.
-[chuckle]
-Oh, come on.
You know as well as I do
there's no such thing.
-[Akemitsu moan]
-Help me.
Tsukuyo, get out of here!
Ambulance.
[Akemitsu exhausted sigh]
-[Akemitsu groaning]
-[Tsukuyo scared]
-[YUZUKI] Ghost, begone!
-[Yuzuki kicked]
-[YUZUKI] Come on!
-[both running]
What is that horrible creature,
Yuzu?
That's the evil ghost
I was telling you about!
[Akemitsu chasing]
It's not like that!
You've got the wrong idea!
[KURAGE]
Where'd you get off to?
[meow]
Hey, what's the hurry?
Kurage! Run for it!
[Akemitsu chasing]
[Kurage shock]
-[Kurage faint]
-[Akemitsu catch]
[happy meow]
-[MIA] Kagura, my brush.
-[KAGURA] Of course.
[MIA]
Here you are.
Mia, what does it mean?
[MIA]
"Yamato nadeshiko."
A title reserved exclusively
for the kind of woman
who can make
a respectable living
in the tumultuous field
of voice acting.
I see.
I believe we should all strive
to live that way.
Ladies! Keep it down!
[Akemitsu slam]
[Mia scream]
-Huh? What's going on?
-[shock]
[Mia scream]
Who in the world is this guy?
Somebody get him off me!
Don't just stand there, Kagura!
Come over here and help,
why don't you?
Now that's funny.
[MIA]
I fail to see the humor here!
[Yuzuki panting]
I think that was Mia's voice
just now.
The ghost
keeps claiming victims,
and we're helpless to stop it.
How could we leave Kurage?
Thank goodness,
the spirit left her alone.
Still, why was it coming
after us, then?
[TSUKUYO] How are we
different from Kurage?
[YUZUKI]
Could it be?
It's a pervert
from the great beyond!
[Akemitsu panting]
If it really were a ghost,
that drop kick I landed would've
passed right through him.
They'll understand.
I just have to explain
everything.
[Yuzuki preparing]
-[Yuzuki strike and blast]
-[Akemitsu in pain]
No, wait.
Listen. Please.
Why is she so cute?
Damn it.
-[Kiki laugh]
-Really!
A perverted ghost,
of all things.
So as far as he knew,
he showed up at the training
temple his uncle sent him to.
And then, when you got a look
at his stole,
you jumped to the conclusion
that your potential fiancé
had arrived a day early, yes?
Right.
Interesting.
So who bears responsibility?
This could have been avoided
if you'd thought to mention
that a man was coming
to the temple.
Yet you're the one who
mistook him for your suitor.
Really?
And what was I supposed to do,
check his photo to identify him?
[KIKI]
And then there's his uncle.
He's partly to blame for sending
his nephew here
without realizing
it was now a convent.
[AKEMITSU]
It's a convent?
Um. Listen.
I'd sincerely like to apologize
for the misunderstanding,
and the drop kick,
as well as the palm heel strike!
Please, don't worry about it.
Would you mind telling me
what's up with these two,
though?
Yes, well, you know,
even when it comes to accidents,
there are some things
that a lady can't overlook.
[KIKI]
How's this for a solution?
We'll agree
that there's blame enough
to go around
on this particular occasion,
and allow him to train here
as a monk for the time being.
[GROUP]
What?
-Seriously, Kiki?
-This is a convent, you know.
We'll just take down
that pesky "no men" sign.
It's that easy?
[KIKI] Are you saying
you don't like the idea?
Having a man around
the place to do some free labor?
[shock and confused]
-[YUZUKI] Yes, but...
-[KIKI] I want to take it easy.
[TSUKUYO]
I'm sure you do, but even so...
[KIKI]
Come on, just let it happen.
Uh.
I think this is going my way?
You really expect us
to live with him?
Let's put that away.
You'd be in danger here too,
Kiki!
-This pervert's a boob man!
-Oh? Is that true?
[Akemitsu shock]
[TSUKUYO]
Did you really need proof?
If you think that's bad,
wait 'til you hear
what he said to me!
He stood there,
looked me right in the eyes,
and told me
he luh-luh-luh-luh-luh.
-Luh-uh-uh-uh-uh! Luh-uh-uh?
-[ALL] Luh-uh-uh?
Look. I'm very grateful
for the offer, but...
You're sure
this is what you want?
Yes, I've caused you
all enough trouble.
Besides...
She seems to have completely
forgotten our first meeting,
in which case...
-I'll take my leave.
-[resolved sigh]
[KURAGE]
Hey, Yuzuki.
Nyagosuke says it's a shame.
[Nyagosuke meow]
Because he doesn't seem like
a bad guy.
[YUZUKI]
Maybe not.
[AKEMITSU]
I missed the last bus.
I can't seem to
catch a break, man.
Now what will I do?
[YUZUKI] That's what I was
just going to ask you.
[Akemitsu surprise]
[Yuzuki laugh]
I figured as much.
We're way out
in the country here,
which means the buses stop
running early.
[Yuzuki smile]
[Akemitsu nervous]
Did you need something?
Come back
and stay for the night, yeah?
Okay, hear me out.
Both of us made mistakes
and caused each other trouble.
And it's a temple, after all,
so there's plenty of free space.
You still won't be able to live
there, of course.
I'm sure I'll be able to
convince the others. So?
[AKEMITSU] Well,
guess I'm a good judge
of character after all.
You're very kind.
Thank you.
However,
I think I'll stick it out, here.
Understood.
[AKEMITSU]
It's not right for me
to make her my reason
for running away.
Oh, and one other thing.
About what you said earlier.
You really surprised me.
I'm sorry.
Please just forget it.
[YUZUKI]
"Please just forget it?"
That's not great to hear,
either.
Sorry again.
[YUZUKI] Proposing to a girl
the second time you meet her?
[AKEMITSU]
So she does remember.
-[Yuzuki laugh]
-Really, now.
What kind of weird joke is that?
[Akemitsu embarrassed]
Huh?
I mean.
Weren't you joking?
-Um.
-Yes?
-My name...
-Your name?
My name is...
It's Akemitsu Akagami.
Oh, right. I didn't know it.
-[laugh]
-We're moving fast, aren't we?
[both stand]
Pleased to meet you.
I'm Yuzuki Aoba.
Likewise. A pleasure.
[YUZUKI]
Akagami?
You're not related
to that Akagami?
I didn't know my father owed you
twenty million yen!
But I'll do my best to pay back
every bit of it!
I can't tell you
how sorry I am about this!
Easy, now. Settle down.
I can't believe this jerk's
actually the son of the guy
who borrowed money
from our temple
and then disappeared on us!
Listen up, everyone.
We can't reasonably expect him
to have that kind of money.
But we obviously
can't ignore it, either.
So let's decide on a sensible
method of repayment.
Raise your hands to vote,
everyone.
-Slavery.
-Organs.
If you ask me,
the best available option
is to sell his dignity.
[Nyagosuke agree meow]
[KURAGE]
I bet he'd really rake it in.
[YUZUKI]
Kurage! What are you saying?
Anyway. Moving right along.
After weighing the options,
we've decided you'll repay us
with your body.
[Kagura smile]
[Akemitsu shock]
[Akemitsu scream]
Okay.
Take off all your clothes.
-Wait, what?
-Akagami will do the same.
Wait, wait, what?
Some moisture
should do the trick.
Wait, what?
Don't worry about it.
Being pervy isn't a bad thing.